divisionslash = slash | 2215

ba_virama = ba.base & virama
bha_virama = bha.base & virama
ca_virama = ca.base & virama
cha_virama = cha.base & virama
da_virama = da.base & virama
dda_virama = dda.base & virama
ddha_virama = ddha.base & virama
dha_virama = dha.base & virama
ga_virama = ga.base & virama
gha_virama = gha.base & virama
ha_virama = ha.base & virama
ja_virama = ja.base & virama
jha_virama = jha.noEbase & virama
ka_virama = ka.base & virama
kha_virama = kha.base & virama
la_virama = la.base & virama
lla_virama = lla.base & virama
ma_virama = ma.noEbase & virama
na_virama = na.base & virama
nna_virama = nna.base & virama
pa_virama = pa.base & virama
pha_virama = pha.base & virama
ra_virama = ra.base & virama
sa_virama = sa.base & virama
sha_virama = sha.base & virama
ssa_virama = ssa.base & virama
ta_virama = ta.base & virama
tha_virama = tha.base & virama
tta_virama = tta.base & virama
ttha_virama = ttha.base & virama
va_virama = va.base & virama
ya_virama = ya.noEbase & virama
